h1. THE README

This is a project designed to simplify the way java developers interact with the Foursquare V2 API.

With this project a developer should be easily able to deserialize a response from the api into pojo's with a few lines of code.  

Many Java platforms have their own API for making http requests.  In my case it was the difference between Android and Google App Engine.  I choose to remove this component and let you maintain the finite control over the requests while this package deals with mapping the response data into Checkins, Users and everything else.

Any questions, comments or requests to help: support@checkinassistant.com
This project is being maintained specificically for "Check in Assistant":http://checkinasst.com, and "FourGui.de":http://fourgui.de but I welcome any developers who wish to use this in their project.

*Examples will be posted to the github wiki soon!*

I ask that you please keep the package structure intact if forking, modifying etc.  If you'd like to contribute directly to the project with new responses, adapters, or test cases please email me via github or william.vanderhoef@gmail.com and I will add you to the contributors list.

h2. License - MIT

Copyright (c) 2011 William Vanderhoef

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.



Thanks,
*Will Vanderhoef*